Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you hear me.
Johnny Roberts: Can you hear me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you hear me.
Johnny Roberts: Can you hear me now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can't hear you.
Johnny Roberts: Now,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There you are.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: coronavirus oh
Johnny Roberts: It should my phone. Sorry to hear
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How you feeling,
Johnny Roberts: Today,
Johnny Roberts: Why
Johnny Roberts: The rain. Rain.
Johnny Roberts: Don't random to Mexico but it's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nonstop
Johnny Roberts: Often often often can't get nothing done
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How you feeling, just enough to screws.
Johnny Roberts: All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Am I sorry
Johnny Roberts: Just a little sore.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: sore from what my old friend the other day when
Johnny Roberts: I helped a friend the other day.
Johnny Roberts: Thanks. Some cabinets.
Johnny Roberts: Got muscles and used it alone time
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, well, that's another
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Damn things
Johnny Roberts: Know, nice to hang on by myself.
Oh my gosh.
Johnny Roberts: A weak link.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're pretty active
Johnny Roberts: Let's try to stay that way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, from my point of view, your
Johnny Roberts: Over work on subjects we give them interest. My transmission out of my truck would quit raining long enough.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now,
Johnny Roberts: We'll get to wrestle for will drive transmission out
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, that sounds like fun.
Johnny Roberts: Oh yeah, it's a blast.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Other than that, you're feeling okay
Johnny Roberts: Yeah.
Johnny Roberts: That's too much more themselves more or less.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. And did you complete a you complete it all your medication stuff for your pneumonia and that's better.
Johnny Roberts: Because
Johnny Roberts: Gold is dampness and coldness has kind of come back a little bit. I think
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So when are you planning on doing that.
Johnny Roberts: As soon as I get rid of the coronavirus
Johnny Roberts: This damn town to shut down can't walk into McDonald's.
Johnny Roberts: You have to go through the drive thru
Johnny Roberts: You can't even walk into down restaurant around here. They're closed or they won't let you know.
Johnny Roberts: What you don't look prisoners out of jail, more than hundred and now
Johnny Roberts: I'm sure that they're keeping them all on lockdown.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, can you hear me now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you hear me now. Yeah, I hear you now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm pretty sure they're probably keeping them on lockdown and separated
Johnny Roberts: About it.
Johnny Roberts: Here we just got great big so you know rooms and chit they've been entered autonomy and probably put the new ones in one of the other cell blocks, you know, keeping the older ones. What's going to stop it from going through the air vents.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is airborne. Yes.
Johnny Roberts: It is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The people in there.
Johnny Roberts: Now I got friends in there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How have you been doing with your emotion regulation.
Johnny Roberts: Doing all right cracking jokes and the median.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Care.
Johnny Roberts: I got one for the doc.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What
Johnny Roberts: Sold a
Johnny Roberts: hobo right as this me know Junkyard Dog.
Johnny Roberts: He wakes up, he wakes up.
Johnny Roberts: Dogs dead right she takes it into the vet.
Johnny Roberts: Tells you that he goes, you know, because you saved my dog two or three times and said he can't be daddy's ALL I GOT THE WORLD doctrine. Please won't table.
Johnny Roberts: No, no, because he didn't. He like to fight. Oh gosh, that oh yeah he loved the good dog fight. He says, I got this mean on lab back here. Let me go get it because I can get this mean old and comes out to me know lab comes out snaps adding a few times and
Johnny Roberts: Little dog. Don't move. You don't do nothing.
Johnny Roberts: Takes around table again. Oh, dog snaps adding a couple more times, I'll just lay there he goes on. Sorry, but he's gone. He was on come on come on there's gotta be something do. He goes, Do you like to chase caps neat, you know,
Johnny Roberts: Oh yeah, you love a good cat. So they're not just me, you know, cat back here. Let me go get it, go back here, this is OK. OK, it comes up with Dante when it goes snacks. Old. Old. Old. Old. Old move on from table smashing few more times. I'm Doug. Doug
Johnny Roberts: With Alex up until goddesses. That looks of instances. I'm sorry, but he's gone on.
Johnny Roberts: You go, oh, goggles on, how much oh you duck. This is $300
Johnny Roberts: Because three knows what he says.
Johnny Roberts: Hundred 60 for the lab work 150 for the CAT scan.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Last funny.
Johnny Roberts: Supposed to be 350 and $50 office. God, I forgot that one.
Johnny Roberts: To tell you
Johnny Roberts: I'm coming apart at the seams.
Johnny Roberts: Duct Tape don't stick baling wire rust off, you damn sure and superglue and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Basically
Johnny Roberts: What they do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Physically
Johnny Roberts: You feel like
Johnny Roberts: They do nowadays.
Johnny Roberts: Yeah, I just cut yourself and they don't give you stitches. Don't wear a suit for us.
Johnny Roberts: Burn like
Johnny Roberts: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So everything's going okay no issues with your medication or no use, nothing.
Johnny Roberts: I mean, you know,
Johnny Roberts: Just hanging out and doing what I can do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Johnny Roberts: I can't sit still.
Johnny Roberts: Was I start feeling better. I can't sit still.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're feeling better, but you don't feel like it's completely gone yet in whatever you do, don't wait too long to pick up the phone and call your doctor's office and let them know
Johnny Roberts: Oh, I have but they're closed down right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, yeah.
Johnny Roberts: Taking a patient centered next
Johnny Roberts: Yeah, this is the coronas content they just go crazy. They wipe the super Walmart out in less than 12 hours with everything of water me toilet paper and everything else.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you stopped up. Are you okay on your necessities.
Johnny Roberts: For the flavor.
Johnny Roberts: What about food, no literal
Johnny Roberts: Food
Johnny Roberts: Didn't go either way to the end of the month.
Johnny Roberts: What's going to happen in a month, don't you, you're gonna take all this shit back to Walmart didn't go
Johnny Roberts: To Walmart go say oh we're returns were broke
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Then they can then they can give it away.
Johnny Roberts: Yes. What I'm waiting on a few roles.
Johnny Roberts: Cases water.
Johnny Roberts: 15 cases, the water
Johnny Roberts: Oh, wow.
Johnny Roberts: That's an issue.
Johnny Roberts: Because I'm making sure, are you sure what are you going to get us going to get you.
Johnny Roberts: I said, hell no worse of walking pneumonia hell he's gonna he's gonna get you to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you know anybody that has came down with it.
Johnny Roberts: No, but the health department here. I got a friend of theirs came down with it. We have what, three cases over here and Clovis already
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Johnny Roberts: They've had five or six and Albuquerque.
Johnny Roberts: Wait, don't martial law.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I know that like San Francisco's closed down.
Johnny Roberts: We're, we're closed down to they've closed schools everything hospitals only taking you on emergencies. I mean, like, you know, heart attacks as you'd like. Yet you just go in there for a shot or something or you know you don't feel good unless you're
Johnny Roberts: coughing or sneezing, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then in there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah emergencies only.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, dying. Make sure that you are protecting yourself to the best of your ability. At this point, because you're pretty vulnerable, you know, to get your pneumonia back full blown and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You want to make sure that you're doing, you know, safe guarding yourself and doing everything you can to keep yourself physically safe. Okay.
Johnny Roberts: I'm worried about
Johnny Roberts: The zombies. Come on, shoot them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So funny.
Johnny Roberts: A good head shots.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They look funny. That's like one of the things that we think about when stuff like this happens, this whole pandemic and then we think about. I mean, zombies have been on TV, the last couple years full force. Right.
Johnny Roberts: Stupid go out there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's crazy. There's
Johnny Roberts: I think there's going to go to Mad Max.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You think that's what society is going to go to
Johnny Roberts: The damn right it is I'm going to have me and Gatling guns on both side of my truck.
Johnny Roberts: There I live in Air Force Base, I'll find something
Johnny Roberts: Or a was brains brains.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sir, sir.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you still have a housemate
Johnny Roberts: Not
Johnny Roberts: A girl and got throw it out.
There.
Johnny Roberts: No, he's just love it was
Johnny Roberts: a neat freak out. Mr. Miss
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He's a bad your roommate was bad.
Johnny Roberts: I told him was, man. You got to clean the room living room.
Johnny Roberts: I can't walk in there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Johnny Roberts: Thank you.
Johnny Roberts: Back of the house. You know she didn't convenient for him to walk 10 feet, but it's tough way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Johnny Roberts: Was anywhere, anywhere. He worked at it. Come on my tools. I walked out there, my tools. We just lay and wherever he's gone. What tools are here, but he's gone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're pretty
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're pretty happy that he's gone.
Johnny Roberts: Oh, no. We're still friends I missed the extra little health when I could get him to help me, you know, but
Johnny Roberts: Hell.
Johnny Roberts: We're doing this so many years of being funny. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you have people that you can reach out to you if
Johnny Roberts: I got all kinds of friends.
Johnny Roberts: Okay, or it costs three of touch cook dinner she bring me some
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh that's a nice
Johnny Roberts: Yeah, I got an old lady up the street and more yard and she cooks a little bit too much more or daughter come over and they could she brings me plateful
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Flow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're being taken care of by your neighbors, no matter what. Right.
Johnny Roberts: Yeah, I've always looked at look out for them to
Know,
Johnny Roberts: That's part of life. I got a friend. He showed up your last night passed out on the couch.
Johnny Roberts: He was broke fell down hurting yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, no.
Johnny Roberts: Oh yeah it looks like he used his face for skid pad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Out, that's not
Johnny Roberts: A damn habits or would you do fall out a tree.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He just fell down.
Johnny Roberts: He was pretty tour.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know,
Johnny Roberts: They'll know very much, you know, my house has always been like it.
Johnny Roberts: Over to my friends.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's nice to be able to have somebody to rely on you know
Johnny Roberts: We all walk into go and look at my house you like this.
Johnny Roberts: Like home. That's just what a project, I guess.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Johnny Roberts: Now once you hear it serves a different feeling
Johnny Roberts: What a couple friends all good. I got a couple phrases that come over. I had enough of my just look at them. They know it's time to go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I love that.
Johnny Roberts: Out here. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are your animals.
Johnny Roberts: The nuts. They want to go out two of them were outside one wants to go outside, but she wants to keep hopping fences chasing her. Oh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that sounds good.
Johnny Roberts: And found games.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's all good, no issues with your medications come up
Look,
Johnny Roberts: Doing all right on got a few more.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just
Johnny Roberts: Caught up to
Johnny Roberts: A lot of damn water.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is water is good for you. Water is definitely good for you.
Johnny Roberts: Get drunk off of
Johnny Roberts: Your what they call water drunk.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Drink
Order.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: never experienced it.
Johnny Roberts: I've done it twice.
Johnny Roberts: Let me welcome staggering all over the place.
Get
Johnny Roberts: Over
Johnny Roberts: It look it up. You think I'll check it out.
I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know it's a real thing, because you can deplete your body, you know,
Johnny Roberts: You can also do overdosing to water.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how's your eating. Have you been eating. Okay.
Johnny Roberts: I think I don't put on 20 pounds.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What do you say,
Johnny Roberts: Still in my song.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I can definitely tell you're feeling better, that's for sure.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well,
Johnny Roberts: Can have fun friends who can you have fun with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know.
Johnny Roberts: Over them you'll figure out what the day
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes they will.
Johnny Roberts: I will. I figured it out six years.
Johnny Roberts: I know you weren't here. I'm trying to be one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I like your sense of humor and I'm glad that you got it back.
Johnny Roberts: Oh, yeah.
Johnny Roberts: You just said all these comedians out of work here on john V1.
Johnny Roberts: A BREAK.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It sounds like everybody's been out of work, you know, as far as
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: stores, restaurants, you know,
Johnny Roberts: Started his stuff.
Johnny Roberts: Was it Sunday schools are all clothes for three weeks.
Johnny Roberts: Anything far as the government around here, the Casa all them. They're taking one person end of the time.
Johnny Roberts: They look awesome. You know, there's like before faithfuls doctors
Johnny Roberts: Dr Rico's down he gonna go play golf.
Johnny Roberts: Tony, where's Where's waiters, could we keep writing. We're going to be a floodplain again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, no.
Johnny Roberts: Oh, yeah.
Johnny Roberts: I live. I live in the desert.
Johnny Roberts: Yeah. Does
Johnny Roberts: It rains it rains one inch and five minutes, which we got flooded different where
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's crazy.
Johnny Roberts: You know, I've actually had it come
Johnny Roberts: To my porch.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Johnny Roberts: Going down road.
Johnny Roberts: Got it. I've got a vacation.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't have it would have been full a
Johnny Roberts: Swimming pool.
Endorsing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You could have charged for that.
Johnny Roberts: Fail.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's true, too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Johnny Roberts: Yeah, it's still coming up.
Johnny Roberts: Take the last half along the way here the other day. Some world we're
Johnny Roberts: going everywhere up my nose.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Johnny Roberts: That's what I said. Wow.
Johnny Roberts: That's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At least it's breaking up and coming out. You know what I mean. And it's not staying in there and festering at least it's coming. You know what I mean.
Johnny Roberts: Yeah, it was real, real funky green looking now to kind of clear should look and stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, good. That's progress.
Now,
Johnny Roberts: With the way it comes out sometimes
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, are you still on antibiotics or to complete them.
Johnny Roberts: Adopt antibiotics. I'm gonna offer them about a week.
Okay.
Johnny Roberts: They just want to give some meaning you know
Johnny Roberts: Couple weeks worth
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Johnny Roberts: They don't want you used to
Johnny Roberts: I guess I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, well, I'll let you get on with your, with your day. I just want to check in with you and make sure you're okay and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Make sure that there's nothing that you need that I can help you with, and
Johnny Roberts: No, I'm doing all right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, no cravings or triggers or
Johnny Roberts: Cravings
Johnny Roberts: Crave chocolate. Chocolate, Strawberry
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Those are good driving sad actually
Johnny Roberts: Oh I chocolate.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's funny how
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How that kind of stuff happens, you know, stuff that we're we normally don't eat all of a sudden we're craving it and wanting it. Are you eating chocolate.
Johnny Roberts: Yeah I eat candy bar couple times a day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There comes those 20 pounds right
Johnny Roberts: I gotta get a candy bar. So,
Johnny Roberts: I'm addicted.
Johnny Roberts: Will soda junkie.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you always drink soda like that.
Johnny Roberts: Nice doing nothing but I see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When did you start drinking soda.
Johnny Roberts: She gave me heartburn.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Guys.
It's time.
Johnny Roberts: I drink those brisk lactose brisk
Johnny Roberts: Flavors diverse PhD.
Johnny Roberts: Like that was pretty good.
Johnny Roberts: It's only 99 cents.
Johnny Roberts: Should keep an assault.
Johnny Roberts: They only bought like a six pack of it. I think I drink five of them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay, that's still better than the alternative, so I'm glad that
Johnny Roberts: Like I told you when I quit. I'm done. It's just the way I am.
Johnny Roberts: Before I do it again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you have been doing it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have been doing it through what stands out.
Johnny Roberts: Know dope. I've been drinking
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nope.
Johnny Roberts: Oh, you drop once in a while.
Johnny Roberts: Say,
Johnny Roberts: Three times
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've gotten drunk.
Johnny Roberts: Three times since gotten drunk three
Johnny Roberts: Four months.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Johnny Roberts: Three times and four months. Some someone behind
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You want to be careful drinking being on Suboxone to don't forget that. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Johnny Roberts: All I know how that is
Johnny Roberts: Wonder. I wouldn't want
Johnny Roberts: To tell the story but state cop CHANGING THE TIRES WOULD backseat for a moon shot him. I don't mean oldest brother.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, no.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, there is there is something that is called cross addiction.
Johnny Roberts: Well, I know that I'm not crossing the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: t's dotting all my t's. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Johnny Roberts: What do you, what do they mean we do the meetings on Friday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What do
Johnny Roberts: You know, work that I give cracker.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Also know what do you guys want me
Johnny Roberts: dear to us on Friday.
Everybody up
Johnny Roberts: There we go. Walmart.
Oh, do
You
Johnny Roberts: Honestly. Want to go for just start sneezing and coughing, see what would happen. Somebody probably shocked me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, especially right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, just
Johnny Roberts: stand in line for an hour. And so just to pay for
Johnny Roberts: Something. Yeah, I didn't know it was like it would know what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's definitely crazy and here they're starting to like a limit the number of people in the store at one time and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They're making special times for elderly people so that they're not engaging with people you know they could carry it you know
Johnny Roberts: You're just telling us right here.
Johnny Roberts: Saying
Johnny Roberts: Oh my gosh, what we're here because I live well yeah
Johnny Roberts: I live on the corner, the next block. There's an awesome
Johnny Roberts: All right, three blocks up the rotors of McDonald's. There's a grocery store.
Johnny Roberts: Something different grill.
Johnny Roberts: And there's Wiener schnitzel. Well, the clothes for now. They closed. Now you can't you can't walk up in line and McDonald's and get something because you got to be in a vehicle. What's the difference when when he goes down, cosine in the color.
Johnny Roberts: What I told them.
Johnny Roberts: What money don't reveal reveal. I'm gonna call the cops. I said, I'll be home for to get here.
Johnny Roberts: So cross the street got something that we interstitial
Johnny Roberts: Cost fill up on you know
Johnny Roberts: Got a set of darts on you.
Johnny Roberts: Put your hand up for our protection. I'm going to play dart at us.
Johnny Roberts: Stupid.
Johnny Roberts: Got doors you
Johnny Roberts: Know,
Johnny Roberts: It's crazy. It's just ridiculous out here.
Johnny Roberts: No, no, it says the land of enchantment New Mexico Latin jet nozzle.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my gosh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think you froze.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you there.
Johnny Roberts: Are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep. Now I am you froze for a second.
Dutch
Johnny Roberts: Froze
That better
Johnny Roberts: Yeah. Have a great day.
Johnny Roberts: Okay. Johnny day
Johnny Roberts: On Friday, I'll see you don't get me.
Johnny Roberts: Wait on that Corona vertical Mossberg out on it.
Johnny Roberts: Was a Mossberg
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What is one
Johnny Roberts: Well gauge fault.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my gosh. Okay, so you stay safe and I will see you in group. Okay.
Johnny Roberts: Good. You have a good one.
Johnny Roberts: To rock with joke. If you remember it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay if I don't, you do. Okay.
Johnny Roberts: I said you off the brake telling me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have a good weekend. And I'll see if
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I said, Have a great weekend. And I'll see you in group.
Johnny Roberts: All right, well you're shooting a group didn't have a good weekend.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you're right. I had it backwards.
Johnny Roberts: Now,
Johnny Roberts: Okay screwed up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Both it's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK, I will see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, bye. Johnny